Grandpa asked Sun Yao to resign
I'm afraid there is another business
Why Success
Such a big change
You must give your grandfather a reasonable reason
Dingguo Kung Fu Tree Attracts the Wind
Grandpa has supreme prestige in the army
Although stubborn
Will reassure many
Otherwise, it is easy to attract the suspicion of the emperor
The disguise before raising a child is too similar, right?
The old man almost went to the grain depot in person
Okay, grandchildren, it's a showdown.
The grandson originally wanted to play broke for the rest of his life
Charming and happy hook the blue sky please
I just didn't expect the late emperor to suddenly ascend the throne
The courtiers are eyeing my Dingguo Kung Fu again
The grandson had to step forward.
There's something compelling about that.
The old man will not ask
I just want to ask you
What happened to Rouge Pavilion that day?
If designed
This revenge will be avenged
Son of Prince Rong 14259
Qi Jie
It was deliberately shot by Song Qingqing, the daughter of the Song family
Although I accidentally fell for it
Did you know
Song woman
In public, he broke off my engagement to make kung fu
Just yesterday
I personally greeted Flying Galaxy at the city gate
Back to Chang'an
The lunar calendar divorce will naturally also be due to your proximity to Cui Xing
It's normal.
If nothing else
In fact, he will still be thinking about it
So what do you want to do?
This Chang'an is rumored
You are quite attracted to that Song parent-daughter
Marry her and come back to be the mistress of Dingguo Kung Fu
Look what that is
An ordinary stick
Although ordinary
But break your legs
Just three sticks